                 Table file format for processor BFM

The table file can describe 3 different AHB functions, read single word,
write single word and idle cycles. The basic format of the file starts with
a single letter in the first column of the file to describe the command.
"R" for a read, "W" for a write and "I" for idle cycles. Each of these
different commands the take a variable number of additional parameters.

The write single word command takes 2 additional agrements, the first one
being the address of the data to write and the second being the data to
write. Both of these arguments must be specified in hex format without any
base designation and must be 8 digits long. Below is an example to write
the word 0x00FFFF00 to address 0x00010000.

W 00010000 00FFFF00

The read single word command has 2 formats, one with a mask value and one
without a mask value. The basic read command takes the same 2 agruments as
the as the write command. The first one being the address of the data to
write and the second being the data to read. Both of these arguments must
be specified in hex format without any base designation and must be 8
digits long. Below is an example to read the word 0x00FFFF00 from address
0x00010000.

R 00010000 00FFFF00

The second form of the read single word command add an additional third
argument, in the same hex format, that is used as a mask when the compare
is done on the read data. If the bit value for the mask is a ‘1’ then that
bit is compared to the expected read value. Below is an example to read the
word 0x??????78 from address 0x00010000 and only compare the lower 8 bits.

R 00010000 F0000078 000000FF

The final command is the idle command. This command simply inserted idle
cycles between transactions. This command has only one argument. This
argument is an integer and will be the number of AHB clocks, given to the
processor model, to wait before performing the next transaction. Below is
an example of an idle command that waits 128 cycles

I 128

Comments may also be added to the file by starting the line with the
comment sequence of "--" or at the end of a command by using the same
comment sequence. Below are some examples of comments.

R 00000000 12345678 W 00000000 0000FFFF  -- This is a comment -- This is
also a comment I 128



